What?
Shen Wuzhao, do you still have the face to come back?
Kiss me, are you coming to the Shen family and waiting for me to come back?
Don't be delusional.
In my next life today, I will send you to be your grandfather.
I didn't expect you to be unrepentant
As soon as I got home, I started making a fuss about the bells
Are you worthy of grandpa?
Listen to Me
I'll explain it to you later.
Now I'm going to dabble again
I want to switch the cover on and off.
Because the life warden treats me like a granddaughter
I forbid you to let him in
If you want to switch the camouflage on and off
You send it over my corpse
Don't be ridiculous, please kiss me and leave, what are you doing?
Don't move me don't move me
Hahahaha
Drag this unfilial descendant out and beat him to death
I'll see who dares to do it
Mr. Shen, I'm not too late